I think one of the greatest benefits the military is the vacation opportunities.
A za leader. It's a little bit more difficult because you
want to make sure that your people are are taking the leave that they
have, and sometimes they want to build up, but to encourage them
toe to take some time off in between those long periods of work. But
as far as a leader, I get a chance to take a vacation just like anybody
else. It just have to be a little bit more conscious of who is
going to be around and maybe the person, my deputy or somebody right
under me, um, is going to be there while I'm gone in case there's any
issues. But that opportunity to really sever your time from work
and to really focus on your family is is key, and it actually pays dividends
for the rest of the command.